1. Life stages (人生阶段)
What did you often do with your friends in your childhood?
What do you think is the most important at the moment?
Do you have any plans for the next five years?
How do people remember each stage of their lives?
Do you enjoy being the age you are now?
At what age do you think people are the happiest?
2. Childhood activities (童年活动)
What are your favourite activities?
What were your favourite activities when you were a child?
Did you prefer to do activities alone or with a group of people when you were a child?
Are there any differences between the activities you liked when you were a child and those you like now?
3. Scenery (风景)
Do you look out the window at the scenery when travelling by bus or car?
Do you prefer the mountains or the sea?
Do you like to take scenery pictures?
What are the most beautiful sights you have seen while travelling?
4. Hobby (爱好)
Do you have any hobbies?
Did you have any hobbies when you were a child?
Do you have a hobby that you've had since childhood?
Do you have the same hobbies as your family members?
5. Gifts (礼物)
Have you ever sent handmade gifts to others?
Have you ever received a great gift?
What do you consider when choosing a gift?
Do you think you are good at choosing gifts?
What gift have you received recently?
6. Walking (步行)
Do you walk a lot?
Did you often go outside to have a walk when you were a child?
Why do people like to walk in parks?
Where would you like to take a long walk if you had the chance?
Where did you go for a walk lately?
7. Sports team (运动队)
Have you ever been part of a sports team?
Are team sports popular in your culture?
Do you like watching team games? Why?
What are the differences between team sports and individual sports?
8. Food (食物)
What is your favourite food?
What kind of food did you like when you were young?
Do you eat different foods at different times of the year?
Has your favourite food changed since you were a child?
